Issue-138 Add Eager Load Option (#139)
rails/globalid: README.md

Note the order is maintained in the returned results.

### Options

Either `GlobalID::Locator.locate` or `GlobalID::Locator.locate_many` supports a hash of options as second parameter. The supported options are:

* :includes - A Symbol, Array, Hash or combination of them

>   The same structure you would pass into a `includes` method of ActiveRecord.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The same structure you would pass into a `includes` method of Active Record.
```

>   See [ActiveRecord eager loading associations](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/active_record_querying.html#eager-loading-associations)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  See [Active Record eager loading associations](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/active_record_querying.html#eager-loading-associations)
```
